Add base64 encoded token response form authenticate to changelog (#1791)
cyberark/conjur: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Hosts can authenticate from Google Compute Engines (GCE) using a GCE instance
  identity token. See [design](design/authenticators/authn_gce/authn_gce_solution_design.md)
  for details ([cyberark/conjur#1711](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/1711)).
- Add `/whoami` API endpoint for improved supportability and debugging for access
  tokens and client IP address determination. [cyberark/conjur#1697](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/1697)
- `TRUSTED_PROXIES` is validated at Conjur startup to ensure that it contains
  valid IP addresses and/or address ranges in CIDR notation.
  [cyberark/conjur#1727](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/1727)

> - `/authenticate` endpoint now returns the access token as a base64 encoded

Reviewer: "The `/authenticate` endpoint now returns a base64 encoded access token if the `Accept-Encoding` request header includes `base64`"

> - `/authenticate` endpoint now returns the access token as a base64 encoded
>   string if the `Accept-Encoding` request header includes `base64`.
>   [cyberark/conjur#151](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/151)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "The `/authenticate` endpoint now returns a base64 encoded access token
   if the `Accept-Encoding` request header includes `base64`".
   [cyberark/conjur#151](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/151)
```

Reviewer 2: Why the quotes? and the space before link

> - `/authenticate` endpoint now returns the access token as a base64 encoded
>   string if the `Accept-Encoding` request header includes `base64`.
>   [cyberark/conjur#151](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/151)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `/authenticate` endpoint now returns a text/plain base64 encoded access token
  if the `Accept-Encoding` request header includes `base64`.
  [cyberark/conjur#151](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/151)
```
